Backstory Thia
================================

Hi! My name is Thia Galanodel. I am an elf, I am a druid, and I am tall. I’m 175 years old but I take really good care of myself, so hardly any wrinkles! Maybe I should tell you a bit more about myself and my life. Sooo… I remember being really happy with my parents when I was little. We lived in the forest with a couple of other families and I had a lot of animal friends, but not a lot of people friends. We would move around a lot and visit a lot of different towns, which was cool, but a bit tiresome sometimes. One elf in our group was a really neat girl, she was called Indira and was a couple of years older than me. She taught me all kinds of foresty heeby jeeby magic stuff so I could take care of myself. Then one day, a couple of orcs spotted us having fun and decided that wasn’t allowed in ‘their part of the land’, what even? They raided our camp and robbed us violently, killing a whole bunch of us. My parents were trying to protect me and wanted to hide me, but turned their backs on one of the orcs, who killed them with his axe… They fell on top of me, so I guess that’s why the orcs didn’t see me and I’m still here today. I hid under my parents’ bodies for hours, holding on to them while I felt them getting colder and stiffer. I remember it suddenly being night and hearing someone whisper my name. It was Indira, who was able to escape in the surrounding trees and came back for me. She saved me in so many ways and kind of adopted me after that. We were inseparable, at least when I wasn’t off playing with the squirrels and deer. We mostly kept to ourselves after the attack, afraid that something bad would happen to us again, and we kind of became withdrawn from society. We spent a lot of time experimenting with all kinds of roots and plats, learning about nature and how it could help us. As I’ve probably said before, I looooooooove animals. They are the most honest people you’ll ever meet! So naturally, I spent a lot of my time observing and making contact with the animals in the forests we visited. One day, I heard a tiny sad little squeaking noise and found a tiny mouse next to her dead mommy mouse… She reminded me so much of myself that I couldn’t bear to leave her behind! I lured her into my hand with a couple of nuts and petted her until she trusted me. Then I named her Li and made her a little nest in my vest pouch. She’s been with me ever since and we’ve learned to understand each other over the years, she’s my tiny confidante. Indira always complained that I became too weird being outdoors and almost only talking to her and the animals. I didn’t see the problem, but people always did look at me in a weird way when we went on one of our rare grocery shopping trips. Aaaaaanyway. A couple of months ago, I came back to our temporary camp after exploring the woods with Li, and I couldn’t find Indira anywhere. That wasn’t normal for her, she was always more the domestic type who liked to sit in our deer skin tent and read tea leaves. So I went looking for her and found her a meter or 50 away from our camp, face down on the ground. When I turned her around, I immediately saw that she was dead. Her eyes were dim, her facial expression twisted in a weird shock emotion. My heart broke once again and I felt like the world could collapse at any moment. Thank god Li gave me a little nudge against the cheek to let me know that I wasn’t completely alone. I felt that the only right thing to do was to give my soulmate the burial she deserved, so I organized a little forest funeral for her. The night after the funeral, I had the most bizarre vivid dream where I was running towards a large figure with a shiny sword. Indira was calling me and shouting ‘FIND HIM. FIND HIM’. I woke up in a pool of sweat and felt restless. I needed to go somewhere to find out what had happened to Indira, and fast. The next day, I just packed up my stuff, relying on instinct and what I hoped was the guidance of Indira’s spirit, and went out into the world, hoping to find my answers…
