Backstory Nala
================================

Nala stood, silent, watching as every last one of them dissolved into little piles of nothing. The unspeakable pain that ran through her heart, creeping through her veins, leaving no part of her body untouched, made her shiver. She stood, her Staff in one hand, her book in the other, casting the, what now seemed pathetic, spells that she had learned since she was born.

Rivermoor was Nala’s birth town, one of Abeir’s largest towns with a high population of dragonborn. Against the common belief, the dragonborn have a strong hatred towards the dragons. Although the dragonborn originated from the dragons, they were but mere slaves to them. Workers that came for free, that were dedicated, almost stubborn, muscular and robust. When Nala was barely 6 months old, still under her mother’s hold, her teeth not quite developed yet, she had asked her parents about this hatred to the dragons. She had never understood, on the one hand the dragons were enslaving them, forcing every one of them to go to their absolute limits, and yet, the dragonborn seemed to respect them.

Her father interfered, “Every living thing deserves courtesy and respect. The dragons gave us life, they gave us everything. We honour them as our ancestors and that matters more than our invaluable lives.” He growled silently, “What else would you do? Run?! Leave this behind? You’d be a coward. You’d no longer be my daughter. We once had a coward. He did not make it until Wyvernedge before we caught him. It was us, not the dragons that threw him into the darkest, deepest hole we could find.” Bharash spat a little acid, which sizzled and left a small, smoking hole in the ground, “Coward” he hissed.

Bharash Tharandreal was Nalas’ fathers’ childhood name, but as they all belonged to clan Kerrhylon, he only went by that name. Everyone in Nala’s district belonged to Kerrhylon, the clan was the most important thing in their lives. This was something Nala had to learn the hard way. She remembered, one day, she was maybe 14 years old, she caught one of her friends stealing. He had snuck into their house and was taking her mother’s jewellery. She was hiding in the closet, when she remembered her fathers’ words “Coward, coward”.

She jumped out, onto Mehens back and took him down. He resisted, strongly. After a couple of minutes of fighting, Bharash walked in, just to tear them apart. Nala had never seen her father so angry. But he wasn’t angry at Mehen for stealing, but at her, for attacking him. “How dare you! He is one of our own!” he turned to Mehen, “And you, Mehen, “Where is your honour! Where is your honesty?! Your parents are better than this! I will take you to the clan-master tomorrow. If I do not find you here in the morning, I will take care of you myself.” with that, he threw Mehen out on the street. This entire time he was holding Nala by the back of her neck. It hurt, but she would have never admitted to that. He turned her face to his, so close that she could feel his hot breath on her skin under her scales. “You will respect the clan. At every moment, they will be your family, as we are your family. They will make mistakes, and you will not judge them for it, it is not your place. You will treat them as if they were your own blood. You will honour and respect them, they will matter more than your life. Do you understand?”

Since the day Nala hatched she had had to help in the ice caves. Dragonborn are warm-blooded draconic creatures. This means that to a human they feel as if they are burning up a strong fever, making them very comfortable in very cold climates. The dragons were too big to fit into the ice caves, but the dragonborn were just the right size to strength ratio for the dragons to send them in to find the precious metals.

Every day in the ice caves was a battle, everyone wanted to be the best at finding, there were constant measures of strength, durability, speed etc. The constant drive for self-improvement tired Nala out. She also felt the drive, but she did not understand why the time that was wasted on comparing their strengths, wasn’t spent on improving themselves.

The need for approval, the need for self-improvement and the fact that failing at a task was nothing else than an abomination, was what made the battle even more painful to her. With her 23 years of age Nala had trained nearly every free minute she had to become a better wizard. Her uncle, one of the few wizards in Rivermoor, had taught her as much as he could. Wizards were not often seen under dragonborn and therefore not strongly respected. She had had to defend herself various times to her parents, who believed she should’ve become a fighter and joined the army.

There she was, standing on the battlefield, thinking that maybe her parents had been right, maybe she would’ve made more of a difference if she wasn’t just a wizard. She looked around and saw the bodies of her friends, of her clan, of her family, scattered around her – all of them, the warriors, the paladins, the warlocks, every last one of them. She had no idea why she was still standing. Above her, the dragons from Ithimir Isle were circulating her position. They seemed tired from the fight, some of them bleeding, wounded, weapons stick out from underneath their scales, some even lying on the floor. On the battlefield there were few of her clan left, some still fighting, some just running.

Nala had learnt from her parents never to run from a fight. The strangest feeling came up inside her when she thought this. It was the feeling of self-preservation. Her entire clan had been erased and yet, her she was, standing, fighting for her life and that of the few that were around her. This was nonsense. It made more sense to leave now and come back to understand what had even driven the Dragon lords from Ithimir to attack. They had never had the best relationship, but this was madness – dragonborn do not only hold together inside the clans, but also inside the race. The clan comes over family and family comes over race, but this would still cause a war between the dragons and the dragonborn. It was madness, nothing else.

Suddenly, a thought struck Nala. Where was Sorinn? Nala’s sister was two years older than her. She had always been an outstanding dragonborn. She was a jeweller and next to their mother’s jewellery, she was the best on Abeir. Nala had never tried out for jeweller, it was not of her interest, but she knew it ran in her family line. Sorinn could not have been more different to Nala. All dragonborn are full of emotion, never afraid to show them. Sorinn was the perfect dragonborn. She was loved by all, she was loud and positive and beautiful. Like their parents she had silver scales, showing that she was a direct descendent of one of the more powerful dragons. Although counterintuitive, this was looked upon rather positively, as usually from these families the clan leaders would rise. When Nala hatched, she had silver scales with a slight touch of red, that seemed to run through them every once in a while like a shadow reflecting from glass. The older she got, the more apparent the red became, until when she turned 21 her scales had turned a dark-red. This was strange, as the other dragonborns around her were brass, bronze, sometimes copper green or gold.

Nala was also strong-emotioned, but she was interested in magic, not jewellery, she was not proud of herself or what she had made out to be. Nala was not like her family, but it never bothered her, her in Rivermoor every dragonborn was accepted, if not even loved. Nala hectically looked around for Sorinn, never once letting her eyes off the blue dragon, which was slowly pacing up and down in front of her. Suddenly the sun reflected on a silver scale somewhere in the distance, blinding Nala. She started running. Directly towards the dragon, then right past him.

She ran, without looking, without stumbling, just running. When she reached the place, where the reflection came from, she realised that it was a dragonborns sword that was sticking out from the ground. But she knew, she had now angered even the most tired dragon. She turned around, just to see and hear 3 full-grown dragons, all from different ancestries flying towards her. She swallowed hard. This was the moment to run. She had to figure out why this all happened. Tears streaming down her face, she made a run for the woods. When the first branch hit her blood red scales, she realised she could not stop until the nearest town. Nala ran for hours. She had no idea where she was taking the strength from, all she could feel was the pain from seeing her father’s head, next to his body, his eyes wide open in shock and what was maybe... disbelief ? She remembered her mother, burning and screaming. The pictures flashed in her head. Nala ran until she couldn’t breathe, couldn’t stand, until she had lost too much blood to understand what was happening...
