#The letter from Cavemail

##To whom it may concern, the last will of Cavemail.
- Dear reader, I hope this letter finds you in time as I fear, my departure has been sudden and unwarrented. Please read this letter with causion as I fear I am no longer with the living. First things first, my name is Barildrorlun Cavemail, a first paladin of The Order, assender of His name and working in His honor. I was tasked to find the Guardians and convey a message. This message might bring about the end of the world us you know it, so I emplore you, to bring this letter to it's rightful owner.
- Emenued Ottan is, at this time, my faithful companion and will be tasked with my duties if and when I came to fall from mine. She will have with her a pendant of great value and a pony named Jeff. Upon finding this individual, handing her this letter is of the utmost importance. I asked you, reader, to help me out in this time of need, as the light will guide and reward you if you do.

#Secret hidden is this letter
- Ottan, there isn't much time. I will try to explain what happened to me, but it is important that you tell no one of your amulet or why you have it. It will guide you to the swords to keep them save. Know that it is our duty to protect the swords from being found, or in worst case, to be destroyed.
- There is a profecy that will prove a group of adventures worthy of keeping the swords, but until that time, they must not be found. I fear, with the demise of Paxxtun and the disappearence of Mordred, that the worst has happened and it has fallen into enemy hands.
- I cannot say more about the future as more information will break the timeline that we are in but await a strong female Dragonborn, she will scar you but with that scar a bond will exists. A bond strong enough not to be corrupted by evil. I am tasking you with the job of keeping her safe, as her exisstence is of the utmost importance. She will be our only hope and a time will come were you will have to make the ultimate sacrifce.
- About my death: I fear an old friend of mine has lured me into a trap. I will investigate my current location when the sun rises but I think a battle is approching. If you read this letter, it means I was right. Travel to the .... with the utmost causion. Ask around about Shibukai number 3. You might not be a match for his power, but maybe you can save him.
